Highlist Video Assistant.

The purpose of this app is to serve as a video editor.

Starting the app.  Once forked and cloned cd into the app and then cd into the server. 
 (sudo) pip install moviepy
Run Flask db init
flask db migrate
flask db upgrade head

go into client
npm install react-player

In client/public
delete clip0.mp4 if you want to start your own project
delete any video clips you don't want to use.
If you want to use your own starting video, delete video.mp4 and your own video to public and rename it video.mp4

from server run python3 seed.py to start with fake data.


To start the app
  From server run python3 app.py
  in a seperate terminal go into client and run npm start

for this version go straight to login and run Username Taki password woof.


The process.
  You shoud now be Use play screen

    Natigate click on the create new play button to go to the Addplay screen.
    Each screen has a button for navigating back to Use play.

    Enter all the fields in the form and hit submit.  Once you navigate back to the Useplay screen you should see play you just created in the play data.


On the use play screen you can also click on view running project to see the play clips that have been added to your final project.
Next go to the view play form enter the id # of the play clip you want to view.  (This also queue the play for added to the final project if you decide to add it.)
To add a play to the final project enter the id# of the play into the useplay field and hit submit.

You can toggle back and forth viewing used and used plays using the used and unused radial buttons.




The button style is button 63 by Greenlight on https://getcssscan.com/css-buttons-examples
Background image generated by Alan Silva.



